[Music]
wait a minute Kaley eat it Ranger fit it
will never become the paper I made you
with it really made your pleasure each
other alligator lizard I Talladega race
any challenge your daily did you even
lip on the Shriners you take a smidgen
or did one slice you with the razor
quitting I see till I make it frigid
burn the laws of physics says it's
getting cold in the hole you can tell
them that the player did it so hey I say
your prayer it's the mayor bit each
layer giving you another layer for the
data critic must rob
[Music]
pussy I'm joking I still ain't crazy cuz
I got my dread and if you sold my cake
ammo side of your hair
[Music]
now and later
keep it moving with the clip while
making bitches hit the strip agree begin
to floss the proper than the waffle is
the Tropic
you should get it in the hood with your
money got extended my line of credit
medic dr. browser diuretic shrinking
suppose let us down but that goes
probably
think I still ain't crazy cuz I got my
dread and if you shot my cake I'm upside
again